TIMELESS MODDING TEAM - PROJECT LICENSE last revised: 8/21/2015 version: 1.3

[Section 0. Terminology] Minecraft: A copy of the Minecraft video game. User: Any individual or group that receives or interacts with the software provided with this license in any form. Mod/Project: A code project, artwork package, modification, plugin, digital product, or add-on existing independently or to a third party owner’s code. The software, code, binaries, and/or assets bundled with this license. Author(s)/Developer(s)/Creator(s)/Owner(s): The individuals of Timeless Modding Team associated with the ownership of the Project(s) or Mod(s). Third Party Package(s): A digital project/product or Minecraft Mod/Project owned by an author or authors that differ from the project author(s) that accesses, incorporates, implements, or references a project distributed with this license. 

[Section 1. Purpose] This document is intended to provide a simple set of rules and guidelines for users of Minecraft mods/projects and other software projects while also protecting the author(s) intellectual property. By associating a project with this license, the author(s) assert copyright on the project and all of its associated assets. All users must adhere to the terms that follow. Should the user fail to adhere to the terms set forth in this document, the project author reserves the right to take action and enforce this license to the fullest extent of the law.

[Section 2. Liability] This project is provided 'as is' with no warranties, implied or otherwise. The author(s) of this project takes no responsibility for any damages incurred from the use of this project . This project alters fundamental parts of the Minecraft game, parts of Minecraft may not work with this project installed. All damages caused from the use or misuse of this project fall on the user.

[Section 3. Distribution] This project may only be distributed via links initially provided to the public by the project author(s) unless direct permission is obtained from the project author(s). Only the original link or link(s) approved by the project author(s) may be used for download – any locations that offically approved link(s) redirect to may not be provided to the public unlesss permission is obtained from the project author(s). See section 4 for exemptions.

[Section 4. Third Party Packages] This project may not be bundled or packaged with other third party packages or modpack unless official consent of the author(s) is obtained. Approved third party packages must provide credit to the project author and provide a link to an information site owned or maintained by the project author. The third party package must be strictly not-for-profit, and may not generate revenue of any kind, including sales, website advertising, URL shortener advertising, donations, etc. The sales of services that create a third party package containing this project are considered legal when approved by the project author(s). A  third party package utilizing this project must not make any modifications to the project’s code, file structure, binaries, or assets, or bundle a modified version of this project within the third party package. All troubleshooting for this project within any third party package is solely the responsibility of the owner of the third party package. 

[Section 5. Source Code] The source code of this project, if provided, is made available for educational purposes only. It shall remain externally visible yet only modifiable by the project author. This project is proprietary software and as such neither it, its source code, nor its byte code may be modified and recompiled for public use. The project author(s) may choose to incorporate private modifications of this project’s source code into the publically available build should it be requested by the author of the modified code. However, modified code that has not been merged into the publically available build cannot be redistributed to the public in any form. Author(s) that submit modified code that is later added into the publically available build release all rights to the code under the terms that they are credited via in-code documentation and any other methods of credit/thanks deemed appropriate by the project author. Code submitted and merged in this manner is then bound by this license.

[Section 6. Modification] Any modification of this projects’s code or binaries made by persons other than the author is strictly forbidden from public distribution. Texture packs and resource packs are welcomed and encouraged, but may only contain the modified textures and/or sounds. You cannot distribute a copy of this project with the texture/resource pack already installed.

[Section 7. Contribution] All assets contributed by an individual to a project using this license becomes property of the project author(s). No assets including those contributed by any individual may be removed, reverted or modified from the project without consent of the project author(s). However an individual retains the rights to recreate and enhance any ideological, non-tangible, or non-digital contributions, using non-project assets, only when the individual is determined to have originally contributed the material in question and at the approval of the project author(s), unless other specific permission is obtained.

[Section 8. Reproduction] Any reproduction of this project into another product, digital or physical, is considered copyright infringement and is strictly forbidden unless otherwise approved by the project author. This includes implementing only select aspects of the project into the new product. Implemented aspects can be similar, but not the same, determined at the project author's discretion. Any products produced using the ideas that this project is founded upon may not use the original project name, in part or in full, or an acronym adopted by the project unless approved by the project author. Doing so without approval is considered copyright infringement.

[Section 9. Project End-Of-Life] This project is said to reach its end-of-life in the event that all authors associated with the project discontinue their involvement in a public statement. In the event that a central author or manager is unable to maintain the project due to unforeseen circumstances, up to and including death, all remaining authors must vote to decide the future of the project . In the event that all authors publically discontinue their involvement in or are no longer able to participate in the development of this project , the project is released into the public domain. In the event that no public declaration of the project end-of-life is made within 1 year after the previous update, announcement regarding status, or official statement from an author, the project is released into the public domain.

Copyright © 2015 Timeless Modding Team.